TSPS-973 reduce cromwell metadata usage (#1859)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/wdl/glimpse/low_pass_imputation/Glimpse2LowPassImputation.changelog.md

# 0.0.20
2026-06-12 (Date of Last Commit)

> * remove unnecessary inputs from GlimpsePhase task to help with cromwell metadata writing

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
* remove unnecessary inputs from GlimpsePhase task to reduce cromwell metadata writing
```
